samples: nrf93m1dk: Allow modem_bypass on cpuflpr (#30324)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf93m1dk/modem_bypass/README.rst

The UART baud rate is 115200.

Configuration
*************

|config|

Sysbuild Kconfig options
========================

When building for the ``nrf93m1dk/nrf54l15/cpuflpr`` board target using sysbuild, you can combine this sample with the :ref:`radio_test` running on the application core.

To enable this, use the following sysbuild configuration options:

* Set :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_APPCORE_RADIO_TEST` to ``y``.

> * Set :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_VPR_LAUNCHER` to ``n``.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_VPR_LAUNCHER` to ``n``.
```

Author: Thanks.
Fixed.

The UART baud rate is 115200.

Configuration
*************

|config|

Sysbuild Kconfig options
========================

> When building for the ``nrf93m1dk/nrf54l15/cpuflpr`` board target using sysbuild, this sample can be combined with the :ref:`radio_test` running on the application core.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When building for the ``nrf93m1dk/nrf54l15/cpuflpr`` board target using sysbuild, you can combine this sample with the :ref:`radio_test` running on the application core.
```

> This is enabled with following sysbuild configuration options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable this, use the following sysbuild configuration options:
```

* :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_APPCORE_RADIO_TEST` is set to ``y``

> * :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_VPR_LAUNCHER` is set to ``n``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Set :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_APPCORE_RADIO_TEST` to ``y``.
* Set :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_VPR_LAUNCHER` to ``n``.
```

For example, when building on the command line, enter the following command:

.. code-block:: console

>   west build -p -b nrf93m1dk/nrf54l15/cpuflpr --sysbuild -- -DSB_CONFIG_APPCORE_RADIO_TEST=y -DSB_CONFIG_VPR_LAUNCHER=n

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: console

   west build -p -b nrf93m1dk/nrf54l15/cpuflpr --sysbuild -- -DSB_CONFIG_APPCORE_RADIO_TEST=y -DSB_CONFIG_VPR_LAUNCHER=n
```
